---
title: "A Wierd Moring if Ever There Was One"
date: 2005-05-01T00:00:00-04:00
draft: true
---

I was up late last night. I was also up early. All of that was work
related.

Then there was the knock on the door. I did not hear the knock on the
door. I was in bed, trying to sleep. Natalie was up. So were the boys.

The knock on the door, much to Natalie's surprise, was a Virginia Beach
Police officer. It seems there was some sort of call placed and through
some strange set of circumstances, the police were sent to our address.

Here it is, about seven o'clock, and Natalie is just getting her coffee
worked out, still in her PJ's and house coat, and there is a police
officer knocking at the door. She answers the door, and it seems that
the police officer is a little confused as to why Natalie is not letting
him in right away. Why is she just standing there trying to understand
why there is a police officer knocking at her door at seven o'clock in
the morning on a Sunday.

The radio provides an answer. They have the address of the call wrong.
Wonderful. Just wonderful.

Now we have the police officers getting back into their car to go up the
street to see whomever it was that was expecting them at seven o'clock
on a Sunday morning.

And then it happens.

There is another knock at the door. This knock is much lighter than the
police officer who thought he was responding to who knows what at seven
o'clock on a Sunday morning. Natalie believes that this is one of the
neighborhood kids, possibly sent over by one of their parents, to see
what is going on that we had police at our house at seven o'clock on a
Sunday morning and maybe play with our kids. At least that was what she
thought till she saw the police car had not left yet. It had moved, but
it had not left yet. The police officers are still milling about (all
two of them?) in our yard and are still knocking on what we found out
was the wrong door.

"Um, miss," the officer says with a smirk on his face, that reminds
Natalie of my father.

"Yes?"

"Sorry about your mailbox. Seems we hit it trying to turn our car around
and drive up the street to the people who did call us because they
needed a police officer at seven o'clock on a Sunday morning."

"Please, Mr. Virginia Beach police officer, please, just go away. I'm
sure someone else needs you or you wouldn't be here at seven o'clock on
a Sunday morning, running over innocent mail boxes with misguided police
cars, after knocking on wrong doors."

Natalie closes the door, and then comes to wake me up.

Did I mention that I was up late last night and I was also up early?
Something work related.

Now I have to go. Someone is out back and they are not supposed to be
playing with the hose. I hope I do not have the put someone to bed. It's
not yet 2:30 on a Sunday afternoon.

At the very least, Natalie is going to have a problem with me posting
this story. And, yes, most of it is true.
