---
title: "Sams First Day 9th Grade"
date: 2013-09-03T07:34:13-04:00
draft: false
---

Today was the first day of school here in Virginia Beach.

One of the teachers at Sam's high school included an assignment for
parents to send them an e-mail. I'd like to present to you for your
reading pleasure, my first draft:

## An Open Letter to Sam's Teachers {#an-open-letter-to-sam-s-teachers}

Hello. I am Sam's father.

I think Sam is great. He loves learning, and is capable of absorbing
information like a sponge. Unfortunately, Sam is also highly flammable
and would probably dissolve easily in most solvents. I have also been
told by a number of dragons that Sam would be crispy and good with
ketchup.

Sam is also a very deep thinker. Given enough time, he is capable of
seeing through vast amounts of information and formulating an argument
that presents a new and unique perspective on almost any topic.
Unfortunately, Sam tends to present his argument in either Wookie or
Klingon. On his best days, he is capable of moving fluently between both
those languages, sometimes using both in parallel. It may be important
to note that this is sometimes confused with his still budding interest
in the language of zombies, so if he becomes difficult to understand,
you may need to be sure he is actually using a language in which he is
reasonably fluent.

Some of Sam's food choices may be confusing. Allow me to present the
example of the regular, unfrosted, room temperature Pop-Tart. These are
normally prepared and served as if they were frozen warm toast. I would
suggest not mentioning the frosting, as we are not currently aware of
the political status of whatever is growing behind the toaster as a
result of Same scraping the frosting off any number of frosted room
temperature pop tarts. Last time it was checked, it seemed to have
organized itself in a bicameral legislature, but there was the possibly
of a civil war brewing between the frosting and the assorted other pop
tart toppings. Sam has taken this state of affairs quite personally,
having envisioned a somewhat more delegated socialist anti-nationalist
political regime. He is currently working tirelessly with
representatives of both sides of the frosting, attempting to negotiate a
lasting peace with all ingredients treated fairly and equitably. The
recent amnesty offered to all sugar crystals after their somewhat
explosive attempts to form a breakaway republic is a testament to his
dedication to this process.

Beyond his capabilities in the previously mentioned sticky (as in
frosting) political situation, Sam is willing to try any food from
anywhere on this planet, and possibly any thing he can imagine as food
on any other planet appropriate for carbon-nitrogen lifeforms. I do
believe that he has finally learned his lesson about attempting to
recreate the cuisine of silicon-based life on a planet that he may not
have entirely imagined one evening (almost, but not quite entirely).
There is one small caveat, please provide snacks other than popcorn.
Same has recently come out against popcorn, stating something quite
definitive about the polling numbers along his gum line being at an all
time low.

Please pay no mind to the multiple attempts to overthrow whatever
governing system you have in place for managing your classroom. If you
find that he is doing nothing, please be aware that he has tried at
least twice (once with marginal success) at staging a bloodless coup.
Pay particular attention to anything involving other students being
organized into groups of secret police. This is particularly important
should you discover multiple groups believing they are *the* secret
police for the classroom. His previous marginal success involved a
rather detailed study of divide-and-conquer tactics, and he believes he
may only need to tweak a few more of the variables.

I think you will enjoy having Sam in your class this year. He is a
challenging student, dedicated to learning, especially those lessons and
skills that align with his goal of global domination by the time he is
20. I do hope that this is just a phase, and he will quickly learn that
global domination comes with its own set of opportunity costs,
especially those related to the feeding of the hungry, and the riots and
civil disobedience that results when this doesn't happen.

I look forward to working with you and Sam's other teachers. I fully
expect that we can quickly establish a counterinsurgency when he is
least expecting this.

Good Luck, You *will* need it,

Sam's Father
